Now I want to talk real quick
about something called class properties.
If you'd done any sort of React in the past,
you probably have seen this peaking through.
But if you're just new to ES6 class,
this might be something that's new to you.
There's not a whole lot of code involved here,
so maybe just sit back,
grab a coffee,
and listen to this one.
Let's go back to this example
where we learned classes,
where we created a class dog,
and then we created two new dogs.
We have Snickers, and we have Sunny.
And we passed the name and the type of dog.
We learned about how you can have methods
and static methods and what not.
But one thing that I didn't have
is the ability to have class properties.
Or sometimes people refer to them as class initializers.
So let's say every time one of the dogs barked
we want it to say how many times they're barked.
How would we do that?
Well we would have to first end the constructor
'cause again, the constructor gets called
whenever a dog gets created.
We would have to set the default initializer
to like, this.barks = 0.
And then every time that they barked,
we would have to say this.barks is equal
to this.barks + 1.
And then let's just console log this.barks.
Good.
So if I give that a show.
If we open that up in my browser here.
Then we say Snickers.bark.
One, two, three.
Then Sunny.bark.
Good.
But this syntax is not great
because often you'll want to have a lot of initializers.
And any single time that you want to bind
something to the instance,
you need to put it in the constructor.
So what's happening is we have a proposal out right now,
and it looks like it's going to make its way in.
It's been heavily adopted by the React Community.
And it's for class properties.
And it's pretty simple.
You simply, instead of saying this.barks = 0,
we would take that out,
and we would do something like this:
Barks is equal to 0.
In then what that will do.
Actually semicolon goes after those properties.
Every single time that you create a dog,
it's going to get its own property called barks,
and you'll be able to access it inside of it
via this.barks.
So if I run that,
it's not going to work
because we're going to get an error.
This is not part of JavaScript just yet.
However, there is a Babel transform
that we have here called transform class properties.
And we can actually take that script here,
run it through the Try it out,
and when I paste it in there,
you see that it then takes the barks property
off of the class,
and it puts it in the constructor
that it's being called
along with the sought name and stop breed
that we have here.
So pretty straight forward.
It's going to make things a lot easier for us.
Instead of sticking absolutely everything
inside of the constructor,
you'll be able to put it alongside here.
In React, we see that with with things
like state is equal to something like that,
or initialProps is equal to an object.
You get the point that we have there.
So keep your eyes peeled for that.
Hopefully it will make it into the language.